I just wanted to go to the office.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Jenkins.
I have no question to Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. Collins this morning, Senator Jackson was encouraging you about access and availability
of the committee file.
Yes, sir.
And he stated that he had gathered from the jury in some way or other, from some testimony.
That there was some implied criticism of the members of this committee because they did not know what was in the files and did not look in the files.
I would like to ask you because to me, it seems to me that this is just because it seems very unreasonable request to expect committee members to go looking in the files.
Earlier in your experience on the committee, there have been customers or any of the members of the committee to be down in the file rule in the evening or early in the morning or after hours or any other time looking around at their own relations, pulling out file, or as an envelope to look at it.
I never heard of this.
Thanks.
I just wanted to say on that point because I think some of our readers of the record, when these hearings come out in French or those who listen to it, then the radio will get the newspaper report.
I feel that members of this committee have been very likely to do it because they have not been going to those along the spot.
Let me say that in 16 years in Congress, which I have shared on some eight or ten committees never in my life, have I gone into a committee room and started pulling out the drawers and sagging up the envelope, some looking in the file.
When I was on the House Committee of the United American Activities, we had five rooms, our file, the United American Activities.
I'm sure if the members of our committee have their own relation and gone in, pulling those files out and looking at it, we would have had a high charge to papers in the room and out of filing system.
We did it the appropriate way and the usual way when I committee member once information to follow the formula followed by the senator from South Dakota, who calls in the file master of the room or some clerk in charge and says, I'd like some information on this subject.
Can you bring me a file? Is enough to proceed to which it seems to you will be a more arguably one of the one who protected the integrity and the argument as a file?
Yes, sir, and I know that there have been a considerable number of occasions when the senator in one half sent for various staff members and asked for information and files and various matters. I'm sure they have always been supplied to each other.
I'm very, I'm very, I'm very frequent of cases. I've done that in this committee. I've done that I think in all the communities which I have remembered. But I didn't want the impression to get out in the country just the members of this committee.
And we're somehow rather so freeing on the job because they didn't put out in with their own hands and fingers and kept carrying the file in the part looking for information.
Of course, right. Are you out of your mind? Give out information throughout a year time.
Even with chairman, the reason I raised the question you recall that when the so-called FBI report was to be introduced in evidence, we were advised it was available all of us.
And I have no knowledge of it. It's been a sentence in March of 53. And I please and I may be an herb at the record seat for itself. I think Senator McCarthy said it was available all the members of the committee.
The point is that we can sit down and get it. I mean, obviously if you've got such a massive file, I try to make a point that you couldn't start searching every file. That was a point that I was making.
It's been a practice of doing what they came to me as any committee member interested, any practice we have, some court or some secretary, bringing the file and bringing the information.
But certainly if each of us starts looking around in that file, we're going to have a strong practice that we're allowed to be really good to.
I quite agree with you. And I think that's very important that we be advised when there is something as serious as was involved in that report that I referred to.
And that was for that reason that I raised the question. Because if every member is to be presumed to know what's in the file, I think we could all be in a very difficult situation that something developed later.
We have been derelict and not taking action. So that reason that I called us to the attention.
Yes, I think it's not a fake enough to public record on that point because just not a few, there's not for one minute.
One people to presume that he knows everything in the file. So the three standing committees and the five subcommittees, which he is a member.
He certainly does not know what it all was filed. He has no desire expectation to be notified every time an institution is made in the file.
But he expects when he wants to know something to go to the proper official in the file room and have emphasis at my place.
So unless we're notified, we can have four cameras. I certainly do not expect to be notified every time something goes in the file room at the eight committees, which I have enough.
I agree, but this is a very serious matter. There's 35 alleged subversives that that's for mom. And it was not, if it were a trivial matter, I wouldn't have raised the question.
You might have answered from the person. I guess the impression of some of his actions helps to maybe someone with derelict and not giving him this information.
I say to the chairman that my three democrat friends were guilty of absenteeism for quite a few months, or they would have had this information.
When I ask the committee for the right to...
Well, I'll have to...
I remember it. Turn the alley.
The more is he finds the yield, any time from here with three.
There's a hell of a problem.
There's a lot of time and the current is the yield.
He has some questions. He has no attendance.
No sir, I'm going to start a call if we are going to keep my own time.
Mr. Cohn, I'd like to ask you some questions now about your law practice, which was a question very appropriately raised also by Senator Jackson.
You have been practicing, you say, in practice with...
I think three other people in New York City and a law firm.
Yes, I haven't always been a partner.
I think it is pertinent position, priori, to ask you whether or not you're in the court of that practice.
You have ever represented it?
Well, you now represent any of the scientists.
The answer is no.
May I particularize?
Have you ever represented personally or as any member of the law firm represented personally?
G. David Chine.
No sir.
Or the Chine Hotel Company?
Or the Chine Theatre Institute?
Sir, neither I nor anyone in my firm has directly or indirectly are in any way shaped form manner or mean represented.
Mr. Chine, anyone in his family, anyone in his business or anyone connected with his business in any way.
Is it correct or incorrect that the books of the law firm have been subpoenaed so that council has access to the record so that we don't have to rely upon your testimony?
To can the life on the facts and the books of the law is correct or everything up there is completely available to the committee, some of it has been subpoenaed.
And my answer is a categorical note every question you ask.
So that you supplement the binding is read books by testimony under oath.
But at no time, since you have been a member of this committee, have you or any member of your law firm?
Brothers and sisters, G. David Chine or any of the scientists that is correct.
Hello, Senator McCartney.
Mr. Chine, I wish we could answer statements to the lady about the Democrats leaving this committee last year.
I want to say for you, Jennifer, those who are the other remarks, that the Democrats left this committee to go forward with public and members voted in obnoxious rule that denied to the Democrats, the right to have been advised in the selection or discharging in staff members.
We stayed on for the committee and the last rule was we were sent in by the same Republican members who voted it.
How about the reason we left the committee and that's absenteeism, I'll be absent again whenever we try to make this a one man's committee.
I want that under good nomad and she's the question.
But don't go forward.
I want to say I get that.
Never old, I'll always do.
We send him a call and he'll be returning in another 10 minutes.
You can get a line.
Get out of the line.
So the senators leave the caucus room for the fourth time this afternoon to vote on the floor of the Senate.
And the major now before the consideration of the upper body of the Congress of the United States is an amendment introduced by Senator Wayne Morris of Oregon, which increases by $35 million dollars.
The loan authority of the rural electrification administration.
They grow into the floor of the Senate to vote on the Morris amendment.
You heard the chairman declare a brief recess.
The ABC Television Network is bringing you the complete hearings into the McCarthy Army controversy.
There are eight members of the United States Senate involved in this hearing here in the caucus room.
And when a roll call goes comes of course I call up the out of the caucus room down the elevator across the subway.
The little subway cars that run between the Senate office.
And the Capitol building itself and then go up and vote and come on back the same way.
And that has happened now for the fourth time this afternoon.
And every we have just received a very interesting statistic.
As of 5 p.m. this evening.
It's a 5 p.m. this evening, Eastern Day Lifetime.
The American Broadcasting Company will have telecast 119 hours of live television from the hearing.
Yesterday's session was the longest session on record so far in the 25 days of hearing.
It was six hours and three quarters.
So 5 p.m. tonight we broadcast 119 live hours of television coverage of the hearings into the controversy between Senator Joseph McCarthy and Mr. Stephen and Mr. Evans.
This is Bryson Ranch reporting again and perhaps we can give you a little bit of a summary here of what's been going on.
We have had four roll calls this afternoon and not too much of this has been transacted in this afternoon session.
Mr. Welch, coffee, jam and Mr. Cohn on some of the matters about who was a game-order to private shine.
If there is gunner back now we will resume this summary in just a moment.
Another back speaking from the Senate's office room and now it's my great pleasure to introduce Mr. Robert Kennedy, who has been referred to a good deal during the course of these hearings as the Council for the Minority of the Subcommittee.
I think perhaps if you've been watching these proceedings on television you've seen Mr. Kennedy in the background behind Senator Jackson and Senator Simon in Trichland-Lean.
Mr. Robert, I think Mr. Kennedy has a putting his glasses up on up beyond his forehead.
I have it but I have also. Are you conscious of that? Could you push your glasses up?
The only place I know is where they are. You can fill them down fast. You don't have to open and close them all the time.
That's the merit of that also. Mr. Kennedy, what is the Council to the Subcommittee? What are the duties involved?
Well, I am the Minority Council.
Senator Martin again.
If nothing else today's hearings should demonstrate to the country that there is other business going on and kept the little size of your ear.
I send him a call and I will let you begin with your ten minutes period and when the senator comes we will be brought back to him.
We work with no time.
Mr. John, I have been rather intrigued by the medical physical speculation about Mr. Wells' or to weather or not.
We would be here today if there have been no Mr. Shine. Mr. Shine has received a commission.
As I recall, the bad effort just as he was beginning July, is that correct?
Yes sir.
In what month did you either contemplate issuing the subpoenas for the Army Royalty and Screamin' Board?
If not, all in what month were the first subpoenas issued if they were issued?
The first public statement was in by Senator McCarthy, was at the beginning of September.
I imagine that the contemplation was someone before that, sir.
No, I would not have sent out the assumption that there weren't on Mr. Shine.
All of Mr. Shine had taken a trip to South America or in those Shiner and some of the places.
Is it your judgment that in the pursuit of your thinking, that effort still was made to subpoena the records and the members of the Army Royalty and Screamin' Board?
Not about that. You say there is no doubt about that.
Yes sir.
Now, if that effort were made and they were not subpoenas, do you anticipate that in the language of Mr. Wells, where it might have been a collision?
In a way to bring people to this room?
Yes sir. I'm sure that there would have been. I might say Senator Dirtian, that the concern with the Royalty Board and that problem was basically Senator McCarthy.
That was a personal concern of his. I was not in disagreement with it in any way. I was a little let hopeful to what the results would be,
and that was something which he was very much set on in this and in other investigations. And I'm sure that in spite of me or anybody else in the world, he would have pressed that and assuming Mr. Steven's and Mr. Adams and others weren't that far existed.
There would have been this collision Mr. Shine or Mr. Shiner. Yes sir.
Now let's do it we worked for a moment to witness the investigation is over and I trust that it will only be over.
It is very strong to the ability of the regular investigating committee to resolve this. Yes sir.
You or the Chief Council would have some estimate of what work will be undertaken as soon as the record investigating committee gets underway.
Yes sir. Why New York judgment so would be among the first of the things to which you will be questioned?
I would say the first things are with faith communism and the sense plan. I would say one of the first things with faith as well people with questions.
I would say one of the first things probably was easy for us to.
In his knowledge as the oil ematires ending at the present time it can be considered that I take it in.
I'm finished committee business. Not that about it. All that faith is should be required or no initials or reactions.
They request the army to Mr. Adams to protect those people.
Has been standing for some period of time.
It still stands never been withdrawn and that is a matter of pending that in service for me.
And the authority to issues the penis lodges in the hands of the chairman of the list.
I take it by action of the full committee.
That should be impaired. That's right.
So that if those of the people actually issue problem members will allow people to.
What do you anticipate or are they different to the opinions between army and the committee as to whether or not?
Wow. The members must respond to the supreme.
True. Whether they can justify.
Our matters involving inferior loyalty for us in the action that was taken.
So if they are different to the defense of the system they will be another coalition.
You would anticipate the threat kind of a collision when I bring some people back into this committee.
I say if it follows the pattern of this I suppose it was yesterday.
That's all for the moment.
I'm sending the card to you. Send the card and read.
Eight and see what it is.
And you're sending the flag to the chair.
Let the phone read.
I'm curious.
My other than the ministerial.
Paragraph number five of the document which you have before you go.
I'll resume paragraph six of that document.
Yes.
First sentence refers to a report in the quotation.
Yes. And I assume you and I know about that.
The first two which is the chronological statement of events that the army issued.
Right. The computing sentence of that paragraph is as follows.
When placed in proper perspective.
It will be found to have given greater aid and comfort to commoners and security.
But any single other obstacle of a design.
Is that your statement today?
Not only that, sir, but I think the political affair, the official monthly publication of the communist party and its wet monthly issue.
That's the hearing then what's been going on.
Is a very big victory for the.
I'm here in the evaluation of the top report for this issue.
Dear regarding alleged pressure and effort to secure a preferential treatment for private churn.
As given.
Greater comfort.
Cominert.
Unsecured risks.
Running a single other obstacle ever designed at your testimony.
Yes, I was just planning to stop the work of this committee and to discredit the chairman and the.
I think I get a very important document with it.
The right to charge is very grave and serious.
Yes.
So you have treated us that way.
I do not agree with those who say that this is a waste of time for this committee to investigate the charges.
Sir, with all respect, I don't think it is a waste of time for the very able to investigate that.
Which is given the greatest comfort to the commoners of anything ever designed.
It's a waste of time.
I'm a common authority sector.
I think that.
I am mobilizing this committee and.
I'm using your work.
I am mobilizing the committee and keeping it away from its investigation of communist and defense plan and in other places.
The communists are gaining as we stay here.
All right.
What it has done for that purpose is you have charged.
That has lost under that purpose.
There isn't that one of the greatest things can funny us if we have men at the head or the army of the United States.
It's regarding the such tactics.
Does that be any more important investigation of looking into those charges in your opinion and your fighting commoners?
Sir, that's certainly important.
I only say send a number of phone.
I very much regret that in looking into it.
The very best.
We all regret this.
I agree with you.
I regret it.
I don't have the head.
I know if I didn't feel it had absolute duty to be here.
I don't enjoy it.
But the point I'm making is.
This hearing from your viewport in mine is not a waste of time and it takes profit.
And it's paramount.
Do any other investigation this committee could be making that this time?
I don't think there's any basis of all these charges, isn't that true?
Sir, I don't agree with me.
No, sir. It's great.
Well, one would be greater.
But all investigate the second area of the army, whose problem isn't common.
It's great.
I'm a great friend of the McLeod.
I feel it is.
You're very great.
It's all these matters.
The other members of the committee could be spat from this and used in connection with the other.
Oh, sure.
It doesn't happen.
What it did happen.
Yes, sir.
And these charges are before us.
Can you think of any more serious charges or anything that you know all is going on?
That could be more serious because this government has been having it.
They had other men who had Scotland commoners in time and the stock of committee of the Congresswoman investigating them.
Do you know anything more serious than that?
Well, sir, it's very hard.
That is what it is.
It is.
Yes, sir.
It's very hard to evaluate the relative serious, sir.
And this is even certainly wise.
And Mr. Adam certainly was trying to stop the investigation of the loyalty for us and of communist and the army.
That was a very serious thing.
All right.
If they were doing it.
Yes, I'll give you all the part of the talk to clean up.
Well, sir, I think I am much more concerned about.
You're not concerned about the talk level?
Well, I'm concerned about it, sir, but I just think that if the commission of addressing itself to communists and defend plants, communists and government, and not spending all the time on the month on this, I don't think tonight.
So, that may ask you this.
If you got such a man at the head of the United States Army, let's cobbling communists try and stop investigations of him.
If he succeeds, don't you know more to get in than any committee could ever get out and shouldn't we clean up at the top first?
Well, sir, I'm afraid that this committee would not have the jurisdiction to do anything about Mr. Stevens or...
Well, if you mean it has no jurisdiction to investigate Mr. Stevens, if he's cobbling communists?
I have a certain jurisdiction to investigate it, sir, but I don't know what power the committee would have over.
Well, what power does any committee have after an investigation except the past or law?
Decade in force in his aim?
What power does it have? You know that it has no power other than to expose?
Well, as a power to expose, close links to the other.
Don't you think he should be exposed?
Legislative. Well, sir, I probably don't have any wisdom on this subject.
I think I would thank you, should use it.
Well, sir, one of the chief columnist investigators, I think you have a very fixed...
Along the shakeable opinion, I'll serve my opinion with great respect to you, is that if we have the benefits of the distinguished gentleman of this committee in uncovering communists and defense plans and other things which we have already in not sitting here,
stay in and stay out on this, I feel with you. Since you pressed the upper tenions, I, I, I, I, I brackish the national interest with the national interest with much better be served.
And let us deceive them for all and continue to serve at the top of the island.
Right, have you heard that?
I have no opinion on this, the statement is continuing to serve on item, it's nothing I or anyone else on it.
Yes.
Anyone with much more power than you have any opinion on the communists?
Yes, I do.
All right, then, why would you have an opinion on him?
Continues to serve if he's trying to prove that an investigation of communists in the military?
Sir, he is appointed by the President of the United.
Oh, so are the army officers appointed for the President of the United States?
They cabinet members of the Secretary of the Army, and I don't think...
Oh, well, do you want to hold him in the news?
No, I don't want to hold him in the news.
That obviously is.
Well, I want to get it to tonight.
I don't think the committee can do anything one way or the other.
I must speak.
Well, it can expose him, Gainey.
If he charges, it's true, it's not exposed.
Yes, sir.
Well, that was right.
He'll do it.
Well, sir, do you think, sir?
I certainly think it is unfortunate that the committee has tied up for these many weeks
and months on this matter here when it's quickly investigating communists and communists.
Well, do you mean that down there is that a commonist from some defense plant may be more
dangerous to the security of this country, when a man at the head of the army whose problem
would be...
Oh, you're almost sweating, sir.
I think I have.
Ah, hey.
But, sir, we do have the situation of these communists in the defense plant in the army
and other fighters.
We work on about our business getting them out.
They have tried to stop us.
And the man who tried to stop you, if they did, it should be God's now, sir, it shouldn't
be.
Well, sir, I'm afraid we're never going to know all of the people who have tried to stop us.
Well, sir.
We know one and two are important to your system, Lloyd.
Yes, sir.
Don't we?
Yes, we do.
That two, which is it in the fire, I decide to stop.
Yes, sir.
Well, don't think you ought to stop.
Stop and get them out, both.
I don't think we can be able to get them out.
You don't think we're real?
No, sir.
Oh.
And this man has expired in the fire.
Ah, sir.
Mr. Gorn?
Mr. N.A.
The Memorandums, which, ah, send them across being yourself, Mr. Carl, ah, Bobberton
and the other, you testify that the Memorandum of the party November the 6th was prepared by you
or dictated by you.
I think it was, sir.
Yes.
Well, I think one of the major charges and the, in this document, is in the second paragraph,
which I'll read.
Yes, sir.
Which refers to a meeting that was held at the Secretary's office, or at the end of the
McCarthy, Frank Carl yourself, ah, Mr. Seif.
This Memorandum, you say, fit.
What's your statement, sir, that we hold up our public hearings on the arms?
It's suggested that we go out to the Navy, the Air Force, and the Panther Department, and fit.
We said, first of all, we had no evidence worn in the investigation of these other departments.
Adam said not to worry about that, because there was plenty of search there.
And they would punish us, the least.
Mr. Seif and Bobberton thought that was the answer to his thought.
Now, just call on a few questions and commissions.
First, first, Mr. Seif and Bobberton said to Warren, ah, have that meeting?
To Warren II, to discuss this in your Memorandum?
Yes, sir, very call it.
And substance speaking, to be exact, where Mr. Seif and Mr. President thought that, ah, if we could stop investigating the Army and to some attention to the Navy and the Air Force for a while, that that wasn't an easy army situation.
Now, Mr. Seif and say that the armed that the Air Force and the Department of Defense and Navy had security problems that you should look into?
Well, I'm sure that that was implicit in just taking certain.
Ah, I'm sure he did not want us to, ah, just go out and investigate something which was unfair.
I assume that he felt that he might have the same problem when he assisted in the Army.
Did he make you any specific security problems?
Yes, the other departments might have.
I don't recall Mr. Seif and the other.
No, the word he stated that, ah, well, lower your fire.
Yes, that's not what the matter is.
We're second.
The last part of the U.S. Justice, Adam is not only, ah, about that was a good idea, but he stated he would 42 the Navy.
Yes, sir.
Now, what Navy?
Did he, ah, did he 40-20 the Navy?
Uh, he never furnished any action.
I was thinking of this particular meeting.
I was thinking of a meeting?
Yes. No, he didn't give us any weeks. That's the clear meeting.
Did he just, he just stated that, but I can give him tonight.
That's right.
Did you involve him to what?
Yes.